.I 51
.T
theory of aircraft structural models subjected to aerodynamic
heating and external loads .
.A
o'sullivan,w.j.
.B
naca tn.4115, 1957.
.W
theory of aircraft structural models subjected to aerodynamic
heating and external loads .
  the problem of investigating the simultaneous effects of transient
aerodynamic heating and external loads on aircraft structures for the
purpose of determining the ability of the structure to withstand flight
to supersonic speeds is studied .  by dimensional analyses it is shown
that ..
constructed of the same materials as the aircraft will be thermally
similar to the aircraft with respect to
the flow of heat through the structure
will be similar to those of the aircraft when the structural model is
constructed at the same temperature as the aircraft .
external loads will be similar to those of the aircraft .
subjected to heating and cooling that correctly simulate the aerodynamic
heating of the aircraft, except with respect to angular velocities and
angular accelerations, without requiring determination of the heat flux
at each point on the surface and its variation with time .
acting on the aerodynamically heated structural model to those acting
on the aircraft is determined for the case of zero angular velocity and
zero angular acceleration, so that the structural model may be subjected
to the external loads required for simultaneous simulation of stresses
and deformations due to external loads .
.I 184
.T
scale models for thermo-aeroelastic research .
.A
molyneux,w.g.
.B
rae tn.struct.294, 1961.
.W
scale models for thermo-aeroelastic research .
  an investigation is made of the
parameters to be satisfied for
thermo-aeroelastic similarity .  it is concluded
that complete similarity obtains
only when aircraft and model are identical
in all respects, including size .
  by limiting consideration to
conduction effects, by assuming the major
load carrying parts of the structure
are in regions where the flow is either
entirely laminar, or entirely turbulent,
and by assuming a specific
relationship between reynolds number and nusselt
number, an approach to similarity can
be achieved for small scale models .
experimental and analytical work is
required to check on the validity of these assumptions .
  it appears that existing hot wind
tunnels will not be completely
adequate for thermo-aeroelastic work, and
accordingly a possible layout for
the type of tunnel required is described .
automatic programmed control of
the tunnel would appear to be necessary .